---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1oNFsX7AGFEfngRKzNWsf6vLGBIzz4c7v9fdYJSvn0SI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Where ever we got to on the fuze boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue with the fuze boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We started just as we start any Monday period 3. We went and collected the Fuze boxes as well as the work booklet and the power cable and mouse. Me and Cooper plugged them in and Matt turned it on. I set the same goal as I always do. It is to get as far as we can in the Fuze boxes. After going past the all the things we did the nearest being the guessing game we moved on. And then we had to pack up as the lesson was over. We put everything back where it had to go and then I went to I.T club.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Not many things limited my learning and there definitely is some sort of pattern now but I still don't really quite know yet what I need to do except for the same thing as last 2 weeks. But for a long time I don’t need to do it now but I still need a bit more improving.  I need to improve on not dwelling on the same thing for a long time or as I also said last week about my getting distracted easily and needing to move on quicker so we can do even more work.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ok I now need to do the same thing for 3 weeks in total and running and like I said  in the paragraph above I will improve on focusing on my work so that  I can get even further and improve more rapidly. Hopefully next week I don’t have to say the same thing or anything at all. So yeah not dwelling on things would really improve my I.T work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


