---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1SWTmibi9UVRqfFzGVp5kM40OZwx81nrLpTUPNcDZwJc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>1/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the classwork.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>So is the first week of work on codecademy  and I have to say I prefer it a lot  from what we did two terms ago. First we logged on to codecademy but not after we made our new accounts. We selected Python because from now on we will be learning Python. First task was to do what was under the first subtopic. Which I can happily say that I completed. Overall I think that I did well in the London and hope to continue this their throughout the term</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that as I have definitely made a massive leap forward in improving every lesson since the last term we did I.T there is becoming less and less and less for me to work on we just get on with the work and see how far we can get to. I think even though  I think I did well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won't miss anything.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Even though  I think I did well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won’t miss anything. As well as not dwelling on things that don’t need to be dwelled on. Those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Thursday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


