---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1aOBuq8Q8VrYcTBkNySIBHHoVzWvMhCjBtN-_EQWKDfY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the classwork.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>So I am nearing the end of the Python topics as today I finished topic four, five and six and seven so I got a whole lot of work done today. First we logged on to codecademy but not after we made our new accounts. We carried on with Python. Our task today was to carry on from where we got last week which was to do what was under the fourth subtopic. Which I completed and finished the next three topics as well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> So I think that I am smashing through the Python work and am nearing the end but even though I think I am doing very well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won't miss anything. I wasn't too finish end Python topic as a whole in a couple of weeks and I'm going to try hard to be able to do that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Alright so I need to focus extra hard on my work nope as i have set myself a goal which is to finish the topic of Python . Now onto my target I did well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won’t miss anything. Those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Thursday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


