---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1LUIknLf2h2CCUhgS4YFeV3VL0DMo_qSKM4z7IBV6k3E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/7/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the classwork.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I am just putting my badges into a blog now as well as doing the HTML coding.  I am now finished with all Python but now and am sure that I have something very interesting to do instead. I am looking forward to that and hope it will be a positive learning experience. For Python I think that using the hints provided was a good way to either start of your code or to get help going through it. Although I think I relied a bit too much on the hints but I still managed to learn about Python coding.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> So I think that I am smashing through the Python work and am nearing the end but even though I think I am doing very well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won't miss anything. I finished the Python topic as a whole now and I'm going to try hard to be able to do that. I am excited to see what I will be doing next.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Alright so I need to focus extra hard on my work nope as I have set myself a goal which is to finish the topic of Python . Now onto my target I did well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won’t miss anything. Those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Thursday.<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/15eJqXlE4ldxsqqoeOv1HhgSJc6zVVSdg/preview" width="240" height="240"></iframe>
      </td>
    
  </tr>
</table>


