---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1sbbbY3Hri3MQAc-xfjIqWbLi8aN0ETq0InX3aIQ4GuI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the classwork.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I got passed finished all the Python topics.  I am now finished with all  Python and am sure that I might have something very interesting to do soon. I am looking forward to that and hope it will be a positive learning experience. For Python I think that using the hints provided was a good way to either start of your code or to get help going through it. Although I think I relied a bit too much on the hints but I still managed to learn about Python coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> So I think that I am smashing through the Python work and am nearing the end but even though I think I am doing very well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won't miss anything. I finished the Python topic as a whole now and I'm going to try hard to be able to do that. I am excited to see what I will be doing next.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Alright so I need to focus extra hard on my work nope as i have set myself a goal which is to finish the topic of Python . Now onto my target I did well there is no such thing as too much focus so I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won’t miss anything. Those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Thursday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


